The following work should be completed by Thursday, 13 August, 18h00.

+: MUST BE COMPLETED!
-: Optional for this sprint, however doing it will lighten your load on the next sprint.

Ivan:
	+ Finish writing the login/logout functionality. Most of the security issues etc depends on this working. 
		If you are having problems with keeping a persistent login over multiple uses of the application, 
		please ask for help from the others.
		
	- Scrum information.

Herman:
	+ Scoring. (Only get a chance for conversion after try etc)
	
	- Substitutions.

Johan:
	+ Loading of team player information when a game commences
	
	- Logging tackles made

Estian:
	+ Game time start/stop/pause due to various reasons, overtime and "Sudden death"? (Can't remember 
		the correct terminology)
		
	- Line-out logging

Muller:
	+ Discipline (red card, yellow card, add option for white card as well)
	
	+ Possession and turn-overs. These two go hand-in-hand and will aid in almost all other functions that 
		have to log who did what/which team did what. Focus on which team has possession, since when 
		that is know, the option to choose a specific player who scored a try, for instance, is that much 
		simpler.

NOTES TO ALL:
	* Use dummy data where your function relies on functions still to be implemented.
	
	* Do not worry about how the front-end/interface will look at this stage, create a simple interface for 
		yourself and play around with it to get the feel of using Android Studios.
	
	* When you have completed your function/test case, write unit tests for it as well, covering all possible 
		values that a user can enter and all possible combinations thereof. The idea is to create one big file 
		after this sprint, combining all the unit tests and allowing one function to call them all.

	* Familiarize yourself with Android Studios as best you can, since we will all be contributing to the UI 
		in due time.

	* If there are any questions or objections, problems or impedements, please ask the group for ideas or 
		assistance. We will gladly help. If you are afraid to voice your opinion or to raise an objection in front 
		of the group, contact group leader privately. He will handle the matter with sensitivity and care and 
		make sure you remain anonymous if the need be.
		
	* If there are any problems with team members etc, contact group leader as well if you cannot resolve 
		the issue yourself.
		
	* Any and all communication with the client are to go through or to be approved by the group leader first, 
		unless the client initiated contact with you initially.
		
	* Please feel free in this group to voice your opinions or concerns. If you have an idea, share it. If you 
		have a better way of doing something, explain it. If you don't like something, say so. Once again, if you 
		feel uncomfortable talking in front of the whole group or don't want anyone to know the idea is yours 
		or that a concern came from you, feel free to talk to the group leader about it. Your name will not be 
		mentioned if you don't want it to be.
		
	* Have fun! We can have the back-end of this product very close to completion before demo #3 and then 
		we can work on all the nice-to-have stuff, really rounding off the product and putting a smile on the 
		clients' faces!